hey guys welcome to another video so it
has been a while if you've noticed I
drop down to once a month but I'm gonna
try to bring you some great videos I
didn't plan on dropping down once unless
there's something really busy at the
office so you can see here you raise the
camera just a little bit there we are I
got the g2 and there's a reason that I
decided to just get up and go get the g2
I already have a Galaxy Note 3 and
that's about it best I can explain it if
anything else after checking out the
Samsung Galaxy s5 wasn't impressed this
is not enough to sell me on on getting
it at this very moment but I am
impressed with the g2 I've always been
impressed but again I have so many
device decide to go through and see
should I get this not and result is got
it
this is rockin a 2.3 gigahertz dual-core
sis measure speed is 2.6 let's give me
dual quad-core whilst in a while guys oh
my god 2 gigs of ram 32 gigs of memory
it should be in here it's got the
optical image stabilization Full HD
1080p display 13 megapixel on the back
should be a 2 on the front something
like that
but let's get into this man cuz I've
been waiting all day this is kind of a
bonus video wasn't planning on getting
this right here but I have some other
things going on so I decide you know
what I'm gonna go ahead and get this now
if you didn't know this is on sale for
$4.99 you might say on sale for 99 well
it's normally 600 bucks so getting it
for 49 now they have it for $100 off
right now
since the unboxing let's get it fired up
here and you've seen this before but
I've never had this device before and
I'm pretty excited about it
I like how they did the box let's get my
SIM card you don't need that
and they say labels it's got a sim
ejector tool - a cool little G there and
the usual charging brake and power cable
and some manuals so sliding all that
aside Wow looking box display is 5.2
this is actually pretty much the same
size as the gaussians 4 which is pretty
amazing this is almost bezel free if you
can ever get that much but I think I'll
enjoy this is something different
there's no power buttons on the side or
anything or nothing on the top just
microphone and you know it looks like IR
blaster up there both of these are not
speakers from when I'm told but it does
have the Dolby Surround it's got the
headphone jack on the bottom thank
goodness
I love that because of my iPhone 5s I've
gotten used to that this speaker and
microphone in there USB charging port on
the back is that beautiful 13 megapixel
camera with a single LED flash supposed
to be really good you've got your volume
up which launches a notes application
and the volume down
launches the camera when the screen is
locked and your middle there you got the
power button on this side here you've
got sarva at the camera
you've got your SIM card slot tray right
there and let's take these stickers off
and I will do a boot up this lease I can
do for you guys so I haven't done any
unboxings in a long time
some tree okay some trees out there's a
device Michael Sam also the Dell cs5 has
a but you know I just prefer to do
something new this time around sim trays
on the on the left here so I'm gonna go
and give you the first boot getting that
power key on the back and there it is
and see if it'll stay not even say there
you go first boot LG g2 really looking
forward to getting into it with this
device 3000 milliamp battery if I didn't
say that
wow those are fast boots it said looks
good anyway
been a long time it's grabbing signal
already there and there we are full 4G
LTE with this device in my house so this
is pretty good battery looks to be
already full so let's get into this let
me go through this menu real quick and
I'll be right back to you
alright so I'm in and it is kind of
rolling through the setup and things
like that
snappy snappy snappy I played what it is
doing a little bit of resource it was a
little stutter e that's why but looks
like it's not a lot of apps on here one
second when I think somebody's coming up
to my door alright so anyway so what was
it my door so these home buttons at the
bottom down I think it's really cool
during the setup unless you change them
like I have the menu over here on the
back over here pretty cool but
nonetheless this is a snappy snappy
device I played with it at the store
several times didn't think much of it
you know I thought well you know gonna
go with my norm but after seeing the s5s
announcement today I was really wasn't
disappointed but just wasn't loud so
looks like it's the Galaxy Note 3 for me
for now for a while
no s5 for me at this point unless I get
my hands on and I just absolutely love
it but the small form factor of this is
really lightweight compact feels
fantastic
I don't know how could go wrong by
passing on this as long as I have but it
looks like I'm just looking in here you
get polar off this viewer looks like
I've got a full version of that they
like an install file manager dictionary
task manager video editor updates inner
a lot of t-mobile stuff I wish they
didn't do that that's one thing I like
about Windows Phone an iPhone you just
snaps right off without any kind of
special tools for routing or anything
like
quick remote and there's a setup to take
you back there's a notebook uh LG
back-up LG square Isis so this looks to
be pretty much a pretty solid device and
it has a lot of stuff on it they're easy
I want to see all that
so here's those quick settings here
where you can have little pop-ups just
like the galaxy line a little one will
pop up there and you can move it around
and it's really cool so that's a quick
look damn I've been off-camera sorry
guys that's a quick look at the LG g2
buddy of mine at t-mobile has this and
he said man you got to get this before I
do that I want to get into the system
settings real quick and go to about yeah
and there it is so um how about memory
this should have 32 in here I thought it
had 16 I didn't didn't do much on here
but of that 32 you get 24 gigs available
and for me that's more than enough this
doesn't have an SD card slot so I'll
cover a lot more things in my full
review but it's right now wow I'm really
diggin it I can turn it off just like
that
I'll pop it back on alright guys I will
see you in the next video
boy Jay will sorry for that off
camera most video it's higher but I will
see you next video guys I appreciate
your support see you next time special
unboxing coming for the month of March I
think you'll be happy with that
take care